[Backport maintenance/2.17.x] Avoid `consider-using-f-string` on modulos with brackets in template … (#8836)
pylint-dev/pylint: tests/functional/c/consider/consider_using_f_string.txt

> consider-using-f-string:46:10:46:21:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:47:10:47:21:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:48:10:48:28:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:49:10:49:17:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:50:10:50:26:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:51:10:51:21:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:52:10:52:21:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:53:10:53:21:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:54:10:54:24:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:55:10:55:21:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:81:4:81:15:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:82:4:82:15:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:83:4:83:22:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:84:4:84:11:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:85:4:85:20:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:86:4:86:15:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:87:4:87:15:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:88:4:88:15:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:89:4:89:18:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:90:4:90:15:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:113:8:113:19:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:114:8:114:19:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:115:8:115:26:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:116:8:116:15:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:117:8:117:24:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:118:8:118:19:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:119:8:119:19:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:120:8:120:19:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:121:8:121:22:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED
> consider-using-f-string:122:8:122:19:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be an f-string:UNDEFINED

Author: ```suggestion
consider-using-f-string:46:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:47:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:48:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:49:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:50:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:51:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:52:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:53:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:54:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:55:10:None:None:print_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:81:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:82:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:83:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:84:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:85:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:86:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:87:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:88:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:89:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:90:4:None:None:statement_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:113:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:114:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:115:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:116:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:117:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:118:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:119:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:120:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:121:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
consider-using-f-string:122:8:None:None:assignment_bad:Formatting a regular string which could be a f-string:UNDEFINED
```
